readme.md, before:

# Laraval for Brunch

Laravel is a great framework for building sites in PHP. The power of composer is
awesome. Brunch is a great way to assemble front-end components. This skeleton
provides both in an initial configuration. Included in the configuration are
presets to use Bower, SASS/Compass, and CoffeeScript. All of your code should be
placed in app/ (see below for structure details). Configurations for the Bower,
Brunch, Compass, Composer, PHPunit, and NPM are included in the root.

## File Structure

    / Repository root
    |
    | app/ - Everything specific to your web application
    | | assets/   - Static files which will be copied without modification to
    | | |           public/
    | | | assets/ - All assets for the application
    | | | | font/ - Symlink to FontAwesome font directory
    | | \_\_images/ - Static images (DataTables images are symlinked here)
    | |
    | | commands/ - Your commands for artisan go here
    | | config/   - Laravel configuration files
    | | controllers/ - Laravel controllers
    | | css/ - Plain CSS files for your site. These will be joined in brunch and
    | |        copied to public/assets/css
    | | css-generated/ - CSS files generated from SASS/Compass. These will be
    | |                  joined in brunch and copied to public/assets/css
    | | database/ - Laravel database files
    | | | migrations/ - Laravel database schema migration classes
    | | \_seeds/      - Laravel database seeding classes
    | |
    | | js/ - JavaScript and CoffeeScript files for your site. These will be
    | |       joined in brunch and copied to public/assets/css
    | | lang/    - Laravel language/internationalization files
    | | models/  - Laravel ORM models
    | | sass/    - SASS/Compass files. These will be generated then joined in
    | |            brunch before being copied to public/assets/css
    | | start/   - Laravel post-bootstrap setup
    | | storage/ - Where Laravel will dump generated views, logs, session data
    | | tests/   - Put all of your unit, BDD, etc tests here
    | \_views/   - Laravel Blade templates go here
    |
    | bootstrap/        - Laravel bootstrap setup
    | bower_components/ - Where Bower will install its files. Brunch integrates
    |                     with whatever is reported to Bower as a main file.
    |                     Javascript and CSS will be joined in brunch and copied
    |                     to public/assets/js or public/assets/css
    | node_modules/     - Where Node/NPM will install its files. This is
    |                     primarily for brunch plugins.
    | public/           - The public root directory for your http server.
    \_vendor/           - Where Composer will install its files.


## Shortcuts

The file structure is organised to make it quite painless to start over:

    $ rm -rf app/css-generated public bower_components node_modules vendor composer.lock
    $ npm install
    $ bower install
    $ composer install


## Autoloading in Laravel

While Laravel does not require application models and controllers to be
namespaced, I prefer to conform as much as possible to PSR-0. Composer is
configured to autoload the `app` root namespace from the app/ directory (e.g.
app/model/Page should exist at app/model/Page.php). Eventually, I hope to have
everything autoloaded for the `app` namespace.


## Scaffolding

Within app/library (eventually will be moved into a composer package), there are
scaffolding classes, interfaces, and traits which allow you to build a site
based on Laravel quickly.

### Resources

The BaseResourceTrait, CollectionResourceInterface, and ElementResourceInterface
provide a fuller REST API interface which can handle json, xml, plain-text, and
html output. These classes make it easier to build out a API interface

Commit message:

A big change: Stylus. Plus resource handling is moving into its own repo

readme.md, after:

# Laraval for Brunch

Laravel is a great framework for building sites in PHP. The power of composer is
awesome. Brunch is a great way to assemble front-end components. This skeleton
provides both in an initial configuration. Included in the configuration are
presets to use Bower, Stylus, and CoffeeScript. All of your code should be
placed in app/ (see below for structure details). Configurations for the Bower,
Brunch, Stylus, Composer, PHPunit, and NPM are included in the root.

## File Structure

    / Repository root
    |
    | app/ - Everything specific to your web application
    | | assets/   - Static files which will be copied without modification to
    | | |           public/
    | | | assets/ - All assets for the application
    | | | | font/ - Symlink to FontAwesome font directory
    | | \_\_images/ - Static images (DataTables images are symlinked here)
    | |
    | | commands/ - Your commands for artisan go here
    | | config/   - Laravel configuration files
    | | controllers/  - Laravel controllers
    | | database/ - Laravel database files
    | | | migrations/ - Laravel database schema migration classes
    | | \_seeds/      - Laravel database seeding classes
    | |
    | | lang/    - Laravel language/internationalization files
    | | models/  - Laravel ORM models
    | | scripts/ - JavaScript and CoffeeScript files for your site. These will be
    | |            joined in brunch and copied to public/assets/css
    | | start/   - Laravel post-bootstrap setup
    | | storage/ - Where Laravel will dump generated views, logs, session data
    | | styles/  - Stylus files. These will be generated then joined in
    | |            brunch before being copied to public/assets/css
    | | tests/   - Put all of your unit, BDD, etc tests here
    | | views/   - Laravel Blade templates go here
    | \_vendor/  - CSS and JS bundled in other packages
    |
    | bootstrap/        - Laravel bootstrap setup
    | bower_components/ - Where Bower will install its files. Brunch integrates
    |                     with whatever is reported to Bower as a main file.
    |                     Javascript and CSS will be joined in brunch and copied
    |                     to public/assets/js or public/assets/css
    | node_modules/     - Where Node/NPM will install its files. This is
    |                     primarily for brunch plugins.
    | public/           - The public root directory for your http server.
    \_vendor/           - Where Composer will install its files.


## Shortcuts

The file structure is organised to make it quite painless to start over. Composer
is also configures to execute npm and bower on install and update:

    $ rm -rf public bower_components node_modules vendor composer.lock
    $ composer install


## Autoloading in Laravel

While Laravel does not require application models and controllers to be
namespaced, I prefer to conform as much as possible to PSR-0. Composer is
configured to autoload the `app` root namespace from the app/ directory (e.g.
app/model/Page should exist at app/model/Page.php). Eventually, I hope to have
everything autoloaded for the `app` namespace.


## Scaffolding

Within app/library (eventually will be moved into a composer package), there are
scaffolding classes, interfaces, and traits which allow you to build a site
based on Laravel quickly.

### Resources

The BaseResourceTrait, CollectionResourceInterface, and ElementResourceInterface
provide a fuller REST API interface which can handle json, xml, plain-text, and
html output. These classes make it easier to build out a API interface
